[Docs] Writing custom JavaScript (#1925)
ToolJet/ToolJet: docs/docs/data-sources/custom-js.md

---
sidebar_position: 4
---

# Custom JavaScript

> Now you can write custom JavaScript code to interact with components and queries. To do that, you just need to create a new query and select **Run JavaScript Code** from the list of datasource dropdown.

Author: ```suggestion
You can write custom JavaScript code to interact with components and queries. To do that, you just need to create a new query and select **Run JavaScript Code** from the datasources dropdown.
```
